I know what happened between you and Lin Xiaoxiao
I don't want to sing
This scene
Must be crushed by me
Preferably a lifetime
He's not in love with me, is he?
how
Are you in love with me?
Baron, when are we getting married?
Bitch, how dare you seduce my husband
Baron you
husband
Mr. Li, aren't you single?
Lin Xiaoxiao
You think I asked you to come
Are you marrying me?
Southern Army Southern Army
You believe I believe
Ogawa's poison was not your doing
To the Confederate Army
Southern Army is not me
It's really not me.
It was this bitch who wanted to murder Ogawa
He wanted to kill Ogawa
Then take his bastards and marry you
heard
You want to marry him, don't you?